WGCNA Part 4: Warn about Outliers (#364)
AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples: 04-advanced-topics/network-analysis_rnaseq_01_wgcna.Rmd

dds_norm <- vst(dds)
```

> At this point, if your data has any outliers, you should look into removing them as they can affect your WGCNA results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, if your data set has any outlier samples, you should look into removing them as they can affect your WGCNA results. 
```

WGCNA's tutorial has [an example of exploring your data for outliers you can reference](https://horvath.genetics.ucla.edu/html/CoexpressionNetwork/Rpackages/WGCNA/Tutorials/FemaleLiver-01-dataInput.pdf).

> 

Reviewer: Maybe worth adding a little final note here about why we are not doing this.
```suggestion
For this example data set, we will skip this step (there are no obvious outliers) and proceed.

```
